Mom, you misunderstood.
He is not a woman who is greedy for money.
You've always been very smart
How did it involve Jiang cabbage?
You don't get it.
He's not after your money.
How could he abandon his boyfriend?
Boyfriend
Mr. Gu
Please give me back the vegetables
Although I have no money for vegetables
But you can't kick me away either
Turn around and throw yourself into Gu Zhenting's arms
What do you dare to show up for?
You exposed Jiang Xue's face
Today I'm going to reveal your face
Auntie, he belongs to Jiang Xue
Back then, Jiang Xue lured me to the hotel
It's just that he used violence to hurt me
I Am The Victim
Never been with him
Who is Jiang Xue?
I don't even know him.
Vegetables
You think you gave yourself to me
Said to be with me forever, I really love you so much
Caicai, come back, okay?
Nonsense
Jiang Xue must have made you say that.
I exposed him and
Doudou has no secret of blood relationship
He used you to get revenge on me
This matter today
If there is no good solution
I will kill myself
If Gu Zhen is my girlfriend by chance
The news that drove me to death at the scene appeared
Your story is absolutely deceptive
This way
Your story can afford it.